README.md, before:

## Auto Class

[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=OfficerHalf_obsidian-auto-class&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=OfficerHalf_obsidian-auto-class)

An Obsidian plugin to automatically apply CSS classes to the markdown view as if you had added them in a `cssClasses` YAML key, based on a note's path and tags. Combine this with CSS snippets targeting a CSS class and you can have different snippets applied to different paths in a single vault without having to add any HTML or CSS classes yourself.

### Install

Install from the community plugin registry under the name Auto Class, by using the [BRAT plugin](https://github.com/TfTHacker/obsidian42-brat) with repository `OfficerHalf/obsidian-auto-class`, or manually by copying the release files (`main.js`, `manifest.json`, and `styles.css`) to `.obsidian/plugins/auto-class` in your vault.

### Use

Classes can be applied based on a note's path or tags. In settings, configure a folder path or tag and the classes to apply to the children of that folder or the files with that tag

![AutoClass](doc/screenshot.png)

Once configured, the next time the view is updated the classes will be applied.

### Contributing

Feel free to raise an issue or open a PR.

Commit message:

doc: add note about glob matching to readme

README.md, after:

## Auto Class

[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=OfficerHalf_obsidian-auto-class&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=OfficerHalf_obsidian-auto-class)

An Obsidian plugin to automatically apply CSS classes to the markdown view as if you had added them in a `cssClasses` YAML key, based on a note's path and tags. Combine this with CSS snippets targeting a CSS class and you can have different snippets applied to different paths in a single vault without having to add any HTML or CSS classes yourself.

### Install

Install from the community plugin registry under the name Auto Class, by using the [BRAT plugin](https://github.com/TfTHacker/obsidian42-brat) with repository `OfficerHalf/obsidian-auto-class`, or manually by copying the release files (`main.js`, `manifest.json`, and `styles.css`) to `.obsidian/plugins/auto-class` in your vault.

### Use

Classes can be applied based on a note's path or tags. In settings, configure a folder path or tag and the classes to apply to the children of that folder or the files with that tag. For advanced use-cases, enable glob matching in settings.

![AutoClass](doc/screenshot.png)

Once configured, the next time the view is updated the classes will be applied.

### Contributing

Feel free to raise an issue or open a PR.
